README.md, before:

# slp-aide

SLP-Aide is a cross-platform native mobile application written for Speech Language Pathologists (SLPs). SLP-Aide allows SLPs to find and assign activities to their students, and it allows students to complete the activities with results generated automatically for their SLP. The SLP-Aide application is written in NativeScript and Angular. SLP-Aide also has a Node.js API and MongoDB data source.

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.1.0.

This project will look like these Adobe XD mockups when complete:

iOS: https://xd.adobe.com/view/1b77f3da-c8fc-442a-40d0-f34988827b92-6d46/

Android: https://xd.adobe.com/view/8734dea7-09b5-40b7-56b0-bc4de840c582-f105/

## Development server

Web: Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

iOS: Run `tns run ios`. The app will appear in your Xcode simulator.

Android: Run `tns run android`. The app will appear in your Android Studio simulator.

Alternatively, download the NativeScript Preview and Playground apps. Run `tns preview` and then use the NativeScript Playground app on your device to scan the QR code generated. This will open the slp-aide in your NativeScript Preview app.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Added documentation for how to run app

README.md, after:

# slp-aide

SLP-Aide is a cross-platform native mobile application written for Speech Language Pathologists (SLPs). SLP-Aide allows SLPs to find and assign activities to their students, and it allows students to complete the activities with results generated automatically for their SLP. The SLP-Aide application is written in NativeScript and Angular. SLP-Aide also has a Node.js API and MongoDB data source.

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.1.0.

Initial Adobe XD mockups during the design phase:

iOS: https://xd.adobe.com/view/1b77f3da-c8fc-442a-40d0-f34988827b92-6d46/

Android: https://xd.adobe.com/view/8734dea7-09b5-40b7-56b0-bc4de840c582-f105/

NodeJS API: https://slp-aide-api-dev.mybluemix.net

## Running the app locally

### Setup & Installs
To run the app, download [NativeScript Sidekick](https://www.nativescript.org/nativescript-sidekick). Once downloaded, you will need to install the simulators for the devices you want to run the app on. To run on iOS devices, you will need to use an Apple computer. If you are using an Apple computer, download [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) to get iOS simulators. Whether you are on an Apple computer or a Windows computer, you can download [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio) to get Android simulators. Another option for Android simulators that I recommend because it worked for me was [Genymotion](https://www.genymotion.com). Other dependencies (including NodeJS) can be found in [NativeScript's setup documentation](https://docs.nativescript.org/angular/start/quick-setup). 

### Starting the app with Sidekick
Once setup via the instructions above, clone this repository to your compuputer's filesystem. Then open the NativeScript Sidekick application on your computer and open the root level folder for slp-aide in it. In the 'Devices' tab, click the 'Virtual Device Launcher' button and select any devices you have set up on your computer. If you are on an Apple Computer with Xcode, you will see all of the Xcode simulators as options. For Android, you will need to configure an Android simulator [via Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds) or via [Genymotion](https://docs.genymotion.com/latest/Content/03_Virtual_Devices/Managing_virtual_devices/Managing_virtual_devices.htm) (recommended). Once you've created your virtual Android device, you should see it as well in the 'Virtual Device Launcher' in Sidekick. Make sure *Build Type* is set to *Local* and then start your simulator. At this point, you should be able to navigate through the screens of the application. 


# Note
### Everything below this line is autogenerated by the Angular CLI. You can ignore for the purpose of this project. I have left it up for debugging purposes.

## Development server

Web: Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

iOS: Run `tns run ios`. The app will appear in your Xcode simulator.

Android: Run `tns run android`. The app will appear in your Android Studio simulator.

Alternatively, download the NativeScript Preview and Playground apps. Run `tns preview` and then use the NativeScript Playground app on your device to scan the QR code generated. This will open the slp-aide in your NativeScript Preview app.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
